# @digitransit-search-util/digitransit-search-util-helpers

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## LayerType

LayerType depicts the type of the point-of-interest.

## match

Tries to match the given search term agains the collection of properties
for a geocoding result. The best match will be returned (min: 0, max: 1.5).

### Parameters

-   `normalizedTerm` **[string][1]** the normalized search term.
-   `resultProperties` **any** the geocoding result's property collection.

## getLayerRank

Ranks the result based on its layer property.

### Parameters

-   `layer` **[string][1]** the layer property.
-   `source` **[string][1]** the source property.

## sortSearchResults

Helper function to sort the results. Orders as follows:

-   current position first for an empty search
-   matching routes first
-   otherwise by confidence, except that:
    -   boost well matching stations (especially from GTFS)
    -   rank stops lower as they tend to occupy most of the search results
-   items with no confidence (old searches and favorites):
    -   rank favourites better than ordinary old searches
    -   rank full match better than partial match
    -   rank match at middle word lower than match at the beginning

### Parameters

-   `config`  
-   `results` **[Array][2]&lt;any>** The search results that were received
-   `term` **[String][1]** The search term that was used (optional, default `''`)

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

<!-- This file is automatically generated. Please don't edit it directly:
if you find an error, edit the source file (likely index.js), and re-run
./scripts/generate-readmes in the digitransit-util project. -->

---

This module is part of the Digitransit-ui project. It is maintained in the
[HSLdevcom/digitransit-ui](https://github.com/HSLdevcom/digitransit-ui) repository, where you can create
PRs and issues.

### Installation

Install this module individually:

```sh
$ npm install @digitransit-search-util/digitransit-search-util-helpers
```

Or install the Digitransit-util module that includes it as a function:

```sh
$ npm install @digitransit-util/digitransit-util
```
